Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Subtitles by explosiveskull
www.OpenSubtitles.org
I didn't think
I'd ever feel this way again.
But everything's gonna be okay.
I'm in every way
not ready for this.
Two sprays of that.
Wish me luck.
Abby's gonna meet me
at the bus stop.
Home by 3:30.
Bye.
So we have first together,
then I go to science,
and you go to Spanish.
Oh, my God, I think Chess
might be in your class.
You have to sit next to him.
You have to tell me
what girls he's talking to.
Oh, hold on.
Hey, over here.
You never let anything
get to you.
I mean...
Echo?
I just wanna say
how sorry I am about Zoe.
You know, I can't imagine
how hard...
I'm really sorry.
Thanks, Parker.
It'll wear off.
Yeah. No, it won't.
The first day of high school
is the most freaking, awkward
day of your life.
That's undisputed.
There's awkward,
and then there's this.
You just gotta let people
get used to the new normal.
I don't think normal's
going to happen.
Okay, that came out
completely wrong.
I just meant that eventually
everybody's gonna move on.
Yeah, no,
I know what you meant.
I'm sure you're right.
It's just so sad
and so awful.
And nobody knows what to say.
Yeah, I know, I know.
Zoe was the most freakin'
perfect human being
that has ever seemed to...
Oh, my God, there he is.
Have you talked to him?
I mean, since it happened?
His mom put him in a facility.
Suicide watch and everything.
Full-on straightjacket,
padded walls.
It's so, so sad.
He was crazy about her.
You know he torched
his own car, right?
His Mustang?
Like the day after
the police gave it back to him,
soaked it in gasoline,
threw in a match.
And why the hell not, right?
I mean, it's not like
he can drive it anymore.
Who's gonna buy it from him?
Maybe some twisted
freak show.
Marc! Oh, my God, Marc.
Carley, come on.
Let's go to the bathroom.
Marc, I knew it wasn't you.
I swear to God, okay?
What'd you take, Carley?
Carley, what'd you take?
What did she take?
I have no idea,
honest to God.
You should've heard
what all of these assholes
were saying about you.
I stuck up for you, okay?
Come on, Carley.
The bell's gonna ring.
Wow. That happened.
Echo!
Could you be
any more stupid?
That guy didn't even
own a camera.
You got what you wanted.
You're famous.
Congratulations.
Hi, sweetie.
You're up late.
You too.
Yeah.
This new project's a bear.
Where's your mom?
She went to bed.
How was she today?
The zombie meds
are working great.
Echo.
She did eat some ramen.
That's good.
You got dinner?
Yup.
So what'd you do today?
Started high school.
Shit.
Shoot, uh...
I am sorry. I forgot.
It's okay.
High school, huh?
That's a...
That's a big deal.
Well, how'd it go?
Was it good to see
your friends?
Yeah.
Is Marc back?
He has a new car.
My mom's stuck
at the lady doctor.
She said
she's like half an hour.
Do you wanna just walk?
Fine.
I would get something big,
something cute and sporty
like a Fit or a Yaris.
My parents said they'd help me
with the down payment.
But I'd still have
to get a job.
Oh, my God, that's it.
That's Marc's new car.
His Mustang was way cooler.
Why is he parked
all the way out here?
Probably 'cause people
are so interested in him.
He should get the hell out
of this town after graduation,
go somewhere
where he won't be known
as the dead girl's boyfriend.
Oh, crap.
I can't believe I said that.
I am so sorry.
Oh, my God.
Hey, what are you doing?
Stop it, Echo!
That is not funny!
Do you realize
what this means?
Honestly, no.
We looked everywhere for this.
The police were desperate
to find it,
and guess who's had it
this whole time?
So he didn't want everybody
reading Zoe's diary.
I mean, it's probably
all about him.
Exactly.
He was the last person
to see Zoe alive.
They found her in his car.
Echo, Marc didn't kill Zoe.
They caught the guy.
He confessed.
Yeah.
Yeah, but, Abby,
people confess all the time
to crimes they didn't do.
But...
they found a lot of...
physical evidence.
Yeah.
June 10th.
Jeez, where to begin?
Was it Lennon
who said something about
life being what happens when
you're busy making other plans?
Anyway, it's just
so freakin' true.
Let's start with
my summer job hunt.
Hey, good luck.
- Thanks, Mom.
- You look beautiful.
Bye.
And by summer job hunt,
I mean kicking it poolside
at Carley's.
Hey, what Mom doesn't know
won't hurt her.
Since it was
such a gorgeous summer day,
it would've been a crime not
to enjoy every second of it.
Hey, who's that?
Blue, open shirt.
Oh, my God, dude,
that's him.
That's the private school guy.
Remember I told you?
Shit. What's his name?
Oh! His dad's like
the banker or something.
Yeah, and he like
went to jail
for being some like
Wall Street D-bag.
You think he's hot?
He's totally checking me out.
Whatever.
You invited him?
Why are you such a snob?
Who do you think got our IDs?
Yeah, $300 later.
- Erica, on three.
- Hey, wait!
- Wait.
- Whoa.
Hey, that was close.
Uh...
I owe you one.
I'm Marc.
I'm Zoe.
I'm good.
Marc, the party machine.
I'm in recovery.
Shit.
Um, are you serious?
Yeah.
So why the hell did you
come to a party?
To meet you.
And we talked for,
seriously, hours.
I had the stupidest smile
on my face the whole time.
I mean, I was practically
sober by the time I left.
What are you doing here?
I tried calling you.
Yeah, I left my phone
at Carley's.
Busy tomorrow?
Job hunting, technically.
You need a ride?
Okay. 12:00.
Done.
- Hey, wait a sec.
- Yeah?
I forgot to give you something.
I pulled him in
and then kissed him.
It was perfect.
Well, if you're still
having trouble sleeping,
maybe we can
adjust the dosage.
I need that.
So last week you set a goal
to spend more time together,
doing something you enjoy.
How's it going?
Uh, it's...
I've been so bogged down
at work,
and Echo just started
back to school, so we...
Maybe budget out
some time this week.
Make it a priority.
Absolutely.
Echo, how's school?
Good.
Are you making new friends?
It's only been two days.
Zoe always had lots of friends.
You said once that
you felt stuck in her shadow.
Echo.
Everything you're feeling
is normal.
It's normal to be
anxious or scared.
Your sister was murdered,
and you're trying
to deal with that.
You all are.
I'm not scared.
Zoe made a stupid choice.
That's on her.
Turns out Marc is even
more gorgeous on day two.
Wow!
- Cool car.
- Thanks.
Took me over a year
to rebuild it.
Wait, you rebuilt this?
Not the body work,
but everything under the hood.
- By yourself?
- Yeah.
With a little help
from YouTube.
Okay, so Dr. Gallagher's first.
I think he's a shrink,
and he is up on Folsom.
Wait, you wanna be
a psychiatrist or something?
Oh, God, no.
I just need a summer job.
Gotta start saving some money.
What for?
I wanna move to LA
after graduation.
Or New York.
Just somewhere I can
get modeling jobs.
Modeling, huh?
- Yeah.
- Yeah?
Or acting.
Really just anything
to get me out of this dump.
That's priority number one.
Been thinking about going to
college or anything like that?
No, I mean, only if I wanna be
buried alive in student loans.
No. I'm gonna skip
all that shit
and start living the life
that I want.
Someday everybody's
gonna know my name.
"Everybody's gonna know
my name."
And she didn't
tell you where she was going?
You didn't ask?
I asked.
She said she'd tell me
when she got back.
And she took your car.
Is that something
she does often, Marc?
Borrow your car?
No, Detective,
she's never done that before.
Can't think of any reason why
Zoe might want to leave town?
She talks about leaving town
all the time.
- But after graduation...
- Where did she wanna go?
LA and New York.
And how do you fit
into those plans, Marc?
I don't know yet.
We found your car, Marc.
Marc?
Are you sure there's
nothing you wanna tell us?
You're not gonna believe this.
Chess is having
a party tonight,
and Parker invited us.
Parker?
He comes up to me all casual
after English class and says,
"Hey, you and Echo should
come by Chess' place tonight."
Like it's a passing thought.
But I happen to know
that Parker's in
Miss Reuben's class for third,
which means he had to walk
like four hallways to find me.
No chance you're slightly
overthinking this?
No! Finally my high school
experience is beginning.
And the popularity demographics
have shifted in our favor
for probably the only time
in our lives.
What?
Think about it.
All the popular girls
have set their sights
on the juniors and seniors,
which means the boys
who used to be out of our league
are now at the bottom
of the picking order
and totally attainable.
I'm telling you,
you and I are never gonna
get a chance like this again
in our lives.
So this is our big chance.
At least it's a party.
Echo, you made it.
Cool party.
Yeah, we're just
getting started.
We got pizza,
chips and stuff.
Could I get you something
to drink? Soda?
Yeah, soda's fine.
Make it a double.
Thanks.
Sorry they're not cold.
Chess is on an ice run.
Chess has his license?
Uh, learner's permit.
He went with his mom.
Cool.
Do you wanna play
some video games?
- Yeah.
You wanna play?
Do you wanna go outside?
Yes.
So I didn't see you much
this summer.
Yeah, I, um...
I spent a few weeks
with my grandma.
And then there was the trial.
Shit.
Sorry, um...
It's okay. It's fine.
It's over.
Was he really just some guy
that she met online?
Said he was a photographer.
I'm sorry.
This is not a subject
that I wanted
to get brought up.
I know it's what
everyone's thinking
when they're around me.
At least you're
not afraid of me.
No one is afraid of you.
They're afraid
of hurting you more.
I mean, you...
You've already been hurt
so much.
Wanna go back in?
Um...
No, I, um...
I think I'm gonna
call it a night.
I've got football practice
in the morning and...
I'll see ya around?
Parker, wait.
I forgot to give you something.
So I started my job
at the head shrinker.
Way better than I thought.
Plenty of opportunities
to sneak off
and do whatever I want,
wherever I want.
There's nothing
like that moment
when you share yourself
completely with someone.
With the right person,
it's not just special,
it's empowering.
I took Marc
to the one spot in this town
that I actually like.
I know I don't open up a lot,
but with him,
it was easy.
I've never
felt this way before.
I've never laughed
with someone so much.
I've never trusted
someone so much.
We told each other everything.
I haven't been with anyone
since my last girlfriend.
Almost a year ago.
What, uh, happened?
Parents sent her to rehab
in Colorado
and got a restraining order
against me.
Whoa.
Hey, look,
I was a different person then.
As long as we learn
from our mistakes,
they can't really
hurt us, right?
I don't care about the past.
Marc and I came out
as a couple tonight.
I brought him
to Theresa's party.
Why the hell did I think
that would be a good idea?
- You came!
- Oh, hi.
So, Zoe, what's your pleasure?
Ooh, make her the special.
You're gonna love this.
All right.
One special coming up.
What about you, Marc?
Ginger ale if you got it.
Okay. Check the fridge.
My 12-year-old brother,
he loves that stuff.
Will do.
He's all yours, Zoe.
Though why you would want him?
He's in recovery, okay?
Sounds like fun times.
Oh, you have no idea.
I do not wanna hear this
right now.
- Yes, you do.
- No, no.
Not without one of these.
You ready for this, baby girl?
One, two, three.
It's crazy how quickly
a good time can turn bad.
I'm really regretting
these shoes.
Chess is just as tall as me.
He's gonna find me
intimidating.
Did you know his girlfriend
got a restraining order
against him?
Chess has a girlfriend?
No, no, not Chess.
Marc.
Oh, my God.
Do I have sweat stains?
Um, uh, I can't tell.
- It's dark.
- Shit!
Sorry!
Oh, my God.
You look so much like Zoe.
I never noticed it before.
It's freaking the hell
out of me.
Sorry?
No, you know what?
I'm sorry. I...
I'm sorry I didn't come by.
I should've seen
how you were doing.
Well, I'm... I'm fine.
I'm fine.
Oh, my God, wait.
This is your first
high school dance, isn't it?
- You nervous?
- No.
- You look nervous as hell.
- I'm okay.
Oh, I'm okay, I'm okay.
Hey, wait, look,
take one of these.
It'll take the edge off.
Don't worry.
We'll do it together, yeah?
You ready for this,
baby girl?
One, two, three.
Oh, my God.
God, I missed you.
Uh, Echo?
Would you like to dance?
Right now?
Well, it looks like Abby
and Chess are getting along.
Yeah, um...
I called that one
two weeks ago.
Really?
He's liked her
since sixth grade.
What?
You don't look too bad.
Wow. He feigned
indifference perfectly.
Actually, he was just
really intimidated.
Talking to smart girls
is hard.
I know from experience.
Having fun?
It's great at the beginning.
Echo, stop.
What?
Pretending.
Zoe, where are you?
Zoe.
Zoe, come here.
Zoe, I have to tell you.
Okay, I never told you, but...
Oh, my God,
it's all my fault.
I never told you, but...
if you can ever forgive me,
I had no idea what he was
gonna do with the video,
I swear to God.
Please, I'm so sorry, Zoe.
Please.
Hey, hey, whoa, whoa,
whoa, whoa.
You okay?
Yeah. I'm just a little sick.
What did you take?
What do you mean?
This isn't you, Echo.
- This is...
- Zoe.
You were the last one.
We're not as different
as you think.
Echo.
Found your car, Marc.
Marc?
Are you sure there's nothing
you wanna tell us?
Echo?
Hey, your mom's resting.
You okay here for a while?
I could use a few hours
at the office,
get a jump on next week.
Yeah, I'm good.
No problem.
Maybe you could call Abby.
Nah. I'm buried
in this humanities project.
Okay. You're awesome.
I will be back tonight,
and I'll bring dinner.
Perfect.
Today I made major
progress on my modeling career.
Okay, work it, girl.
Get your hand on your hip
like you mean it.
Okay, yes, that's it, okay.
Super sexy.
That's great. Awesome.
You look so good!
Okay, just like that.
Do it again. Flip the hair.
Great! There it goes.
Great, awesome.
Oh, my God.
Look at this!
Okay, these are some
professional-ass-looking photos.
- Oh, that looks so good!
- We pulled this off.
- That should be your headshot.
- Oh, my God, it looks so good.
That should be your headshot.
- You did a good job.
- I know!
I can't believe your phone
took these, dude.
- I know.
- This is insane.
Wait!
I think we can both agree.
Sexy look back, topless
is the obvious winner, right?
All the comments
are from guys.
So? Fame is fame.
Oh.
Thd day keeps getting better.
You wanna go to Jason's?
- I don't know.
- Oh, my God.
You are such a freakin' snob.
- No, I'm not.
- Yes, you are.
Dude, he's totally sweet,
and I think he's kinda hot.
Really?
He's 24.
Come on, please?
Please, please, please.
- I'll make you a special.
- Okay.
Okay, get your stuff.
I'll be inside.
So you guys
go to Lincoln Carter?
Yeah, we're juniors.
I hate that school, man.
- Principal Haynes, he's a dick.
- Yeah, totally.
So when did you graduate?
I got out of that
fuckin' trap years ago.
The graduate from
high school trap?
Yeah.
I'm sorry, guys.
I gotta go.
Wait, wait. Why?
Your drink's ready.
Stay for one. Come on.
Just one drink.
Okay.
Something happened
last night.
Hey.
You see this guy?
Yeah.
Take a good look at his face.
Do it!
You ever see this guy,
you turn around, you walk away.
I'm serious, Echo.
Okay.
Promise me.
Jeez, do you need to be
so dramatic?
Promise me.
Fine.
Yeah, I promise.
Echo?
Carley, hey.
Hey. What's up?
Uh, nothing.
I just, um...
I'm really glad you called.
Uh, you know what?
We're actually...
We're having
a thing tonight
if you wanna come party
with us, baby girl.
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah, okay.
Cool. Theresa's house.
Anytime.
We'll be going all night.
Hey.
I'm Jason.
I knew your sister.
Uh, I'm Echo.
What are you doing here?
I thought that you were
at The Hunt tonight.
I'm on my way. I just thought
I'd stop in and socialize.
Echo, is that you?
Oh, hi.
Echo, what are you,
like 16?
She's a baby.
What are you drinking?
I have no idea.
Mm-mm.
I'm gonna make you
something special.
Echo, come here.
Um, listen.
Jason, he's...
He's cool, but...
Oh, shit! I think someone
just puked in my parents' room.
Marc?
Let's go.
Marc, Marc!
Marc, let me go!
What the hell is going on?
I'm taking you home.
I'm not an idiot.
I know what I'm doing.
No, you don't.
I'm only here
for one reason: Jason.
Something happened to Zoe.
Did she tell you?
No.
No, she never
talked about it,
but I know
Carley and Jason know,
and I think they trust me.
Echo, no.
What do you mean, no?
Jason is dangerous.
How do you know?
What happened to Zoe, Marc?
I don't have the answers, Echo.
Where's Jason?
Back room.
You said we could
make a deal, so deal.
Dude, that is really freaky.
What?
People were just starting
to act normal around you.
My God, is that the same shirt
she was wearing
on the "Have You Seen Me"
poster?
Shit.
Carley.
Echo.
Wow, uh...
Sweetie, you look...
Sorry I took off
the other night.
No, no, it's okay.
I'm glad you did, actually.
Well, that sounded wrong.
Um...
I'm actually really happy
that you came.
What I meant was...
Shit. Sorry.
I gotta go to class.
I feel...
I don't know.
I can't even write it down.
For the last few days,
I've done my best
to avoid Carley.
Hey! Hey, Zoe!
Hey, hey, Zoe,
wait up, jeez!
What the hell's your problem?
Like you really
need an explanation?
God, relax.
It's not like anyone's
gonna ever know anything.
Are you stupid, Carley?
Everybody is gonna
find out, okay?
Jason said...
What?
I can't believe
that you did this to me.
God, it's not like anyone
held a gun to your head,
so stop acting like
such a little fucking baby.
And let's get one thing
straight, okay?
Nobody made anybody do anything
they weren't willing to do.
You participated
of your own free will, Zo.
Is it still my free will
if I'm fucked up
on something that he gave me?
You took it
right out of his hand.
Nobody forced you.
This is all gonna come back
and haunt us.
You realize that, right?
I feel broken.
Echo's birthday
is coming up soon,
and she's starting
high school next fall,
and that's when all
the big drama starts, right?
So I thought
I'd get her a diary.
I found a really pretty one
at the bookstore,
and I hid it in my sock box,
so she won't find it.
Happy birthday, Echo.
May your days be filled
with excitement and fun,
and may you record it all here.
Well, it's normal to make
several adjustments
to your dosage
before you find
the right balance.
I just don't sleep.
- Well, that's a problem.
- Yeah.
Bullshit.
All she does is sleep.
Twenty hours a day.
I'm not sure
if that's accurate.
You're not sure
it's not accurate either
'cause you're never home.
We've had a lot
of changes at work...
Bullshit! That's bull...
That's bullshit.
Work isn't what changed.
You've all experienced
a great deal of change, Echo.
And change is stressful.
That's why we're here,
so we can talk through
those things.
So what do you
wanna talk about?
Your parents?
School?
Boys?
Zoe?
Were the two of you close?
Not really.
Is that something you regret?
It was her way
of protecting me.
From what?
From making the same mistakes.
Zoe made mistakes?
Well, she's dead.
You know, Echo,
it seems to me you feel like
Zoe was to blame
for what happened to her.
Is that true?
We don't know
what happened to her.
The story that came out
at the trial...
Well, is that the whole story?
Do we... Do we even know
what really happened?
We don't know.
The jury didn't know
my sister.
You didn't know my sister.
My parents didn't know
my sister.
I barely knew my sister.
How did we all not know?
Mom, how did you not know?
How did you not know?
She worked for you.
She wasn't some naive girl.
She was smart.
I just don't understand
how this happened,
how she put herself
in this position.
I just don't understand.
Marc?
I took it from your car.
I know.
You loved her, didn't you?
Still do.
You were the only one
who really knew her.
There was a time
we told each other everything.
Never had anyone like that
in my life.
Those last couple weeks
she just...
It's like she closed off.
Something was wrong,
and she wouldn't say it.
I didn't know anything about
Jason until I read her diary.
Carley said something
about a video.
What do you mean?
She was wasted.
She thought I was Zoe,
and she said
that she didn't know
what he was gonna do
with the video.
- I can get it.
- How?
Well, there's a good bet
that it's at Jason's house,
so all I have to do
is go over there...
- Echo, are you insane?
- Just let me finish.
I go there with Carley,
there's a distraction,
and I search the place.
What distraction, Echo?
You.
Carley!
Hey, cutie, what's up?
Hey, do you have a sec?
Yeah, yeah, sure.
Uh, she bought them
on the trip to...
To Key West.
With my parents.
Summer after eighth grade.
I remember she bought them
from some vendor,
and she talked the guy down
to like 12 bucks.
Zoe would want you
to have them.
I'm not so sure.
Hey, ladies!
You disappeared the other night.
What?
Theresa's party.
Oh, uh...
Yeah, it got a little
crowded for me.
I get ya.
Hey, we're going
to my place now.
Just us, no crowds.
You wanna come?
Echo's busy.
Right? Your mom needed you
for something.
No, she's fine.
I just have to call her
and let her know I'll be late.
Jason, it's really
not a good day.
I've got like
a lot of crap I gotta...
Okay, so don't come.
You wanna come, Echo?
Yeah.
Then I'm coming too.
I just, uh,
have to call my mom.
Hey, Echo.
I've been looking
everywhere for you.
I just, uh,
I wanted to ask
'cause Abby and Chess
are going to a movie and...
Are you on the phone?
Uh, have you seen Marc?
Everything okay, Echo?
Yeah, everything's fine.
Zoe's Marc.
Have you seen him?
- No.
- You coming?
Yeah, just a second.
Uh, I-I gotta go.
Yeah, um...
You're so cute.
Cool place.
Thanks.
I, uh, love old houses.
They have history.
All kinds of crazy shit's
gone down in this place.
So what's your pleasure, ladies?
We're not staying long.
Uh, can I get a tour?
Sure.
Tom, show her around.
You got the living room.
Bedrooms,
bathroom over there.
I'm not gonna let you
do this to her.
You like your pills, right?
Hey, the price just went up.
Kitchen.
What's down there?
Oh, it's, uh,
it's our workspace.
Hey, beautiful.
Make yourself comfortable.
Hey.
Bottoms up.
Oh, shit!
Hey, baby sister can hang, bro.
Hey, Marc,
Echo was looking for you.
- Look, I know, all right?
- Is she in some trouble?
Yeah!
Okay, then I'm coming with.
- You ever been in a fight?
- No.
Great.
You should've
went in there with her.
She's gonna pass out
in there with the door locked.
All right, worst case,
Carley goes through the window.
Hell no!
Fuck!
You fucking idiot.
Yeah, 'cause you parked
four feet from the curb.
- I'm calling the cops.
- Marc?
Are you shitting me?
You just hit my car!
Yeah, 'cause you park
like an asshole!
Jason!
Jason, would you guys
just fucking stop?
Shut up!
Fine. I hope
he kicks your ass.
Carley.
Carley, you're hurting me.
It's fine, Zoe.
Trust me.
- It's gonna look so good.
- Carley, please.
Fuck her, bro.
Echo.
Don't come near me.
Please, just let me help you.
Why?
Because I didn't help Zoe.
And now she's dead.
Bitch!
Where the fuck is Carley?
Fuck!
I didn't know what he was gonna
do with the video, I swear.
I didn't know
about Jason's site.
So Jason posted it
on his site?
So everyone saw Zoe...
No. No, no, no.
It's not that kind of site.
It's private.
It's not a public site.
It's private
and expensive
for like specific clientele.
We're talking about
child porn here, right?
I had no idea.
We were just messing around.
The son of a bitch
is going to jail.
Wait!
Echo, there's one more thing.
The guy, the one who...
Zoe's killer.
He was a subscriber.
Oh, my God.
He said
he was a photographer,
and he wanted
to work with Zoe,
so he contacted Jason,
and they worked out a price.
Oh, my God, oh, my God.
There she is,
back for more.
Dude, shut up.
Come in.
Join us.
Dude, get this shit
out of here.
You said we could
make a deal, so deal.
Go.
Guy's totally well-connected.
Guy works with
all the big agencies.
Now, he asked me
if I knew someone special,
and I thought of you.
For a photo shoot.
This is a no-shit
premium opportunity for you.
And this guy is so premium,
so well-connected,
that he really needs you
to find models for him?
He's a personal friend.
Yeah, well...
any friend of yours
has gotta be an asshole.
You wanna make a deal or not?
Carley.
Carley, you're hurting me.
It's fine, Zoe.
Trust me.
- It's gonna look so good.
- Carley, please.
Please.
Oh, yeah.
Please stop.
Like I said on the phone,
you can make all this
go away.
Just meet with the guy.
Carley, where's Echo?
She's down here.
She's out cold.
- Open the door!
- I've gotta get a phone.
What are you doing
in there?
Open the fucking door!
I can do it.
I'm taking Echo home now.
Dude, what the fuck?
The dope whore's been
shooting her mouth off.
About your sister,
it was never supposed
to go down that way.
Shut the fuck up
and give me the ties, man.
We let her out of this room,
where's she gonna go?
Straight to the cops.
And when that happens,
and they make that connection
between that psycho killer
and our site,
they'll have us for
child porn and trafficking
and whatever it is
when you help a murderer.
Dude, you don't know what
you're fucking talking about!
I do because I looked it up.
It's called
"accessory to murder."
The bitch bit me.
We're all fucked!
No.
We'll wait till it's dark,
then we take them out.
I know a place.
What are you talking about?
Carley's not gonna be
a problem.
I've got her under control.
Okay, so what about her?
You sold her sister
to a killer, man.
You think she's gonna
let that stand?
I swear to God
I didn't know.
Stop!
There's only one way
to clean this up.
I'll do it if you can't.
Will you stop talking like
you're in a gangster movie!
I'm just saying
what we both know.
Half of Lincoln Carter
High School
saw her get into my car
after school, you fucking moron!
What if we let 'em go?
Twenty years, man.
How do we get out?
All right, my brother-in-law
lives in Vegas.
All right, we move
the whole setup there.
We could be up and running
in three, maybe four days.
Okay, so what about them?
Do you know how quickly the cops
can be all over this place?
Not until 24 hours until
a person's reported missing.
Really?
I'm pretty sure.
Well, would you look it up?
It's kinda important!
Fine!
But if I'm right,
we're gonna need those 24 hours.
You handle it.
And I don't ever wanna know how.
And my car? It's fucked.
I need a truck for the gear.
Carley, Carley.
Carley, I need you.
I need you to wake up, Carley.
Come on, Carley, Carley, Carley.
Parker!
Call the police,
call the police.
Carley!
Carley, come on.
Carley. Hurry!
Carley, Carley, Carley.
Um, uh, kidnapping, assault,
and there's a girl...
Echo, someone's
coming downstairs.
Echo, address.
1849 Hill Street.
You'll see a couple cars
crashed out front.
We're in the basement.
I remember last summer.
A bunch of us went out
to the old rock quarry,
and we hiked up these cliffs
where you can jump like...
fifty feet into the water.
But jumping
from that high
sends you really deep
down into the water.
So deep that
it's actually dark down there.
I could see the surface,
but it seemed so far away.
I was sure I would
run out of air and die
before I could get there.
And that's what the past
few weeks have felt like.
For the ducks.
I, uh, I can't stay long.
You okay?
I never said
I was perfect, Marc.
Zoe, I don't want you to be.
As long as we learn
from our mistakes
they can't really
hurt us, right?
I wish you would tell me, Zoe.
Maybe I can help.
Well, actually,
you can help.
If I could borrow your car.
Ooh. What?
I'm a good driver.
- I don't know, Zoe.
- Come on.
I'll take perfect care of it,
I swear.
How do I know it's gonna
come back in one piece?
I need some collateral.
Mm-hmm.
You got anything valuable
in here?
- Lip gloss.
- Ooh!
- What is this?
- No, wait, no, no, no.
Give it back. No, seriously.
Give it back.
I already have it.
I've gotta go.
Where?
I'll tell you later.
Zoe, when?
Tonight.
After it's all over...
and in the past.
I found a way to fix things.
All right,
but if you don't come back,
I'm for sure reading it.
Car keys.
Uh-uh.
Kiss first.
Be safe.
- I'll text you tonight.
- Okay.
- Love you.
I can't change
what happened,
but I wish I could.
I can't change
how I'm going to fix it,
but I know I can.
I'm going to make it
back to the surface.
I didn't think I'd ever
feel this way again.
But everything's gonna be okay.
So this is goodbye.
You're brave, Zoe.
I didn't know.
I'm so sorry that
I didn't know you better.
Subtitles by explosiveskull
www.OpenSubtitles.org
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org